Added some examples (#55)
JuliaOpt/Dualization.jl: docs/src/examples.md

## Dualize a JuMP model

Let us dualize the following Second Order Cone program

```math
\begin{align}
    & \min_{x, y, z} & y + z &
    \\
    & \;\;\text{s.t.}
    &x & = 1\\
    && x & = 1\\
    &&x & \geq ||(y,z)||_2\\
\end{align}
```

> The correspondent code in JuMP is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding code in JuMP is
```

Everytime you use the dualize function you can provide a `DualNames` as keyword argument. Consider the following example.

You want to dualize this JuMP problem and add a prefix to the name of each constraint to be more clear on what the variables 
represent. For instance you want to put `"dual"` before the name of the constraint.

```julia
using JuMP, Dualization
model = Model()
@variable(model, x)
@variable(model, y)
@variable(model, z)
@constraint(model, soccon, [x; y; z] in SecondOrderCone())
@constraint(model, eqcon, x == 1)
@objective(model, Min, y + z)

# The first field of DualNames is the prefix of the dual variables
# and the second field is the prefix of the dual constraint
dual_model = dualize(model; dual_names = DualNames("dual", ""))
```

The dual_model will be registered as 

```math
\begin{align}
    & \max_{dualeqcon, dualsoccon} & dualeqcon &
    \\
    & \;\;\text{s.t.}
    &dualeqcon + dualsoccon_1 & = 0\\
    && dualsoccon_2 & = 1\\
    && dualsoccon_3 & = 1\\
    &&dualsoccon_1 & \geq ||(dualsoccon_2, dualsoccon_3)||_2\\
\end{align}
```

## Solving a problem using its dual formulation

> Depending on the solver and on the type of formulation solving the dual of a problem is faster than solving its primal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the solver and on the type of formulation, solving the dual problem could be faster than solving the primal.
```

> It is not clear when solving the dual of a problem is faster than solving its primal but sometimes this feature can be useful.

Reviewer: It is solver-dependent

Author: Yes, that's worth writing. But even in this case, if you have a solver that only uses the primal to solve the problem, it is not clear when the dual will be faster

To solve the problem via its dual formulation can be done using the `DualOptimizer`.

```julia
using JuMP, Dualization, ECOS

# Solving a problem the standard way
model = Model(with_optimizer(ECOS.Optimizer))
@variable(model, x)
@variable(model, y)
@variable(model, z)
@constraint(model, soccon, [x; y; z] in SecondOrderCone())
@constraint(model, eqcon, x == 1)
@objective(model, Min, y + z)

> # Solving a problem provinding its dual representation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Solving a problem by providing its dual representation
```
